docs: guide developers on how to work with design PRs (#12)
holdex/developers: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

> 

#### PR Requirements

> [!WARNING]
> PRs that do not correspond to the following criteria are usually rejected.

1. **Small size**. [Keep PRs small](https://artsy.github.io/blog/2021/03/09/strategies-for-small-focused-pull-requests/) and completable within 3-4 hours. If the solution requires more time, then decompose is into smaller PRs.
2. **Clear naming**. When creating PRs and commits follow [Conventional Commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org) guidelines. Keep it [clean and simple](https://pulsar.apache.org/contribute/develop-semantic-title/#how-to-write-good-pr-titles).
3. **Stalled PR**. We usually reject and close PRs which do not have activity for the last 24 hours. Unless there is a clear comment in that PR explaining a reason why that PR is stalled.
4. **Link PR to Issue**. When creating a PR, make sure to link it to the corresponding problem/issue. Follow the instructions [here](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword).

> 5. **Report your time**. Make sure to report the time you spent on the PR.

Reviewer: please use the notation:
```
1. {text}
1. {text}
1. {text}
```

because when you want to place something in the middle, of the list 
```
1.
2.
3.
<<<- here
4.
....
20.
```

you don't need to re-number all the subsequent items.

##### Design PRs

> Initiate a Pull Request with a note in the DESIGN.md file detailing the design aspects being addressed. Design PRs use 'docs' as the keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initiate a PR with a note in the DESIGN.md file detailing the design aspects being addressed. Design PRs use `docs(ui)` as the "type" and "scope" of its name. I.e.: `docs(ui): design table component`
```
